# Release notes 1.x versions

## RELEASE DATE: 2021-05-10

### Features

* It is now possible to configure multiple redirect URLs for mobile apps. This makes it possible to change the app scheme of the mobile app in a new version while the existing app installations use the old app scheme.
* Relying Party (RP) can resolve user attributes from Access by calling the User Info API or requesting an ID-Token. Both means are defined by OpenID Connect (OIDC) standard. The returned set of identity related claims couldn't be modified, extended or filtered (other than by using scope). Introduced User Details Customization Web Hook that serves these purposes.
* Whenever the user device domain state changes, which could be caused by a new user device registration, deregistration, user logging in with the device, or mobile authentication enrollment changes, Access will publish a corresponding event to the event bus notifying all interested parties about the change.   
* The process of registering a new mobile application requires both parties, the device, and the server, to have their time/date settings set correctly. Some users are explicitly modifying their time which prevents them from successfully finishing the onboarding process. To improve the user experience Access will handle such situations more gracefully by detecting clock skew and informing the client about the root cause of the rejection.

### Improvements

* When Access failed to successfully send a PUSH notification via Apple Push Notification Service (APNS) it returned a generic error to the client. To help to diagnose the root cause of the issue Access will log detailed information about why the notification got rejected in the corresponding event.

### Bug fixes

* The mobile applications that were using the Custom Registration feature had to send additional request in order to obtain the ID Token. This will no longer be required as the ID Token will be returned to the client along with the Access Token when configured. 
* Users who are either members of multiple Delegated Administration for Business Partners (DABP) groups or are having multiple DABP policies assigned could experience issues when logging out from DABP or Onegini Console applications. The logout request in such scenarios will no longer be rejected.

## RELEASE DATE: 2021-03-09

* First official release of the access components.
